Redirector instructions (#98)
spacetelescope/style-guides: guides/where-to-put-your-data.md

4. Click on the "gear" icon by "Shared Link" (or the gear might be "Link Settings" depending on your browser)
5. Make sure "Allow Download" is checked
6. You should see a "Direct Link" field at the bottom of the panel. This is the

>    link to the file. An intuitive URL can be obtained using the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   link to the file. You can use this directly if desired, but it is rather opaque and thus can be off-putting or alarming to users.  Hence, it is recommended to use the more intuitive URL that can be obtained using the instructions below.
```

#### Human-Friendly URLs to public Box files
DMD maintains a redirector API to retrieve files from Box using a more intuitive URL than the default. The link is constructed as follows:

> 1. The base of the URL is https://data.science.stsci.edu/redirect

Reviewer: This doesn't need to hold up this PR, as it would require a change on the server-side... But I think `/redirect` is a but off-putting because the user shouldn't have to/want to know that there's any kind of redirection. Ideally this would instead be either just `https://data.science.stsci.edu/JWST/...` or possibly `/staticdata` or something like that?

Author: We want to keep the base route of the api gateway open for other potential uses. `/redirect` didn't have much thought, but when we later thought about it, we didn't come up with anything better. Could you make a ticket in the JUSI Jira instance if you do want us to change it?
